Add clarification for case-sensitivity for LicenseRef- (#984)
spdx/spdx-spec: docs/annexes/SPDX-license-expressions.md

However, please be aware that it is often important to match with the case of the canonical identifier on the [SPDX License List](https://spdx.org/licenses). This is because the canonical identifier's case is used in the URL of the license's or exception's entry on the List, and because the canonical identifier is translated to a URI in RDF documents.

For license identifiers, only the variable part (after `LicenseRef-`) is case insensitive.

> So, `LicenseRef-Beerware-4.2` and `LicenseRef-beerware-4.2` are the same identifier, and `licenseref-beerware-4.2` is not a valid license identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means, for example, that `LicenseRef-Name` and `LicenseRef-name` should be treated as the same identifier and considered to refer to the same license, while `licenseref-name` is not a valid license identifier.
```
